release: v1.51.0 (#5642)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_bnjjj_feat_284.md

### Add 'subgraph_on_graphql_error' selector for subgraph ([PR #5622](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5622))

> `on_graphql_error` exists for router and supergraph, but not for subgraph. This adds support for `subgraph_on_graphql_error` selector for symmetry and to also allow easy detection of which subgraphs requests contain graphql errors in response body. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The router now supports the `subgraph_on_graphql_error` selector for the subgraph service, which it already supported for the router and supergraph services. Subgraph service support enables easier detection of GraphQL errors in response bodies of subgraph requests.

An example configuration with `subgraph_on_graphql_error` configured:  
```
